be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BeheerScherm3Controller.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BeheerScherm3Controller
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BeheerItemController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BeheerItemController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddDonatieController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddDonatieController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/OverzichtTotaalController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.OverzichtTotaalController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/GameCopyjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.GameCopyjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddMuseumBezoekController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddMuseumBezoekController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Museumjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Museumjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddGameController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddGameController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Warenhuisjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Warenhuisjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Bezoekerjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Bezoekerjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Interfacejdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Interfacejdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/OverzichtGameController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.OverzichtGameController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BeheerScherm2Controller.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BeheerScherm2Controller
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Museum.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Museum
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Warenhuis.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Warenhuis
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/JDBIManager.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.JDBIManager
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/GamePlatform.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.GamePlatform
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerplaatsCopyController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerplaatsCopyController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/ProjectMainController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.ProjectMainController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/GameCopy.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.GameCopy
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddPlatformController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddPlatformController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/ProjectMain.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.ProjectMain
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/GamePlatformjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.GamePlatformjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/OverzichtWarenhuisController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.OverzichtWarenhuisController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Gamejdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Gamejdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Bezoeker.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Bezoeker
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Donatiejdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Donatiejdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Game.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Game
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Platform.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Platform
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddMuseumController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddMuseumController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BewerkGameController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BewerkGameController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/Platformjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.Platformjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Donatie.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Donatie
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BeheerAttachesController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BeheerAttachesController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddWarenhuisController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddWarenhuisController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddGameCopyController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddGameCopyController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Locatie.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Locatie
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/MuseumBezoek.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.MuseumBezoek
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddBezoekerController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddBezoekerController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AddItemController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AddItemController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BeheerBezoekenController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BeheerBezoekenController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/OverzichtMuseumController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.OverzichtMuseumController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/jdbi/MuseumBezoekjdbi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.jdbi.MuseumBezoekjdbi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/BeheerScherm1Controller.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.BeheerScherm1Controller
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/OverzichtBezoekerController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.OverzichtBezoekerController
